And get photo ops
with my awesome costume!
You didn't bring
a costume.
Didn't I?
Drink it in, fanboys.
Wait.
Where is everyone?
That's your costume?
Gwen.
My fans, where are they?
- They're probably already - at the panel for the new
- "Lucky Girl" movie, - which starts in minutes!
- Lucky Girl? - Who's that?
Only the greatest superhero
of all time!
And the inspiration for
my awesome costume!
Look... Lucky Girl!
See?
Luck?
That's not a super power.
That's coincidence.
- I guess we'll just have to agree - that you're wrong.
Are you coming or what?
No, I don't think so, Gwen.
My fans need me.
I just have to find them.
All right, fanboys.
Where are you?
Where is everyone?
[ Crowd murmuring ]
- Aw, yeah. - Some action.
You LARPing Troopers
have invaded wizard territory
for the last time!
Lightning bolt!
- Wh-Wha... - What is this?
- It's LARP... - Live-Action Role Playing.
You want in?
Why didn't anybody tell me
that cosplay conventions
are full of geeks?
Well, suit yourself.
All right, you guys!
I didn't want to have to do
this, but... wand attack!
Whoa!
Awesome LARPing, guys.
Yeah.
Movin' on.
Awesome LARPing indeed!
Wow,
the line's so short!
I really am lucky!
We're at capacity.
Aw.
Everybody's either
fawning over Lucky Girl
or pretending to shoot
lightning bolts at each other.
I guess there's no place here
for an awesome giant
red four-armed alien.
Ugh.
Hex: Young wizard,
I don't think you appreciate
the value of that artifact.
I could offer you
an exceptional trade for it.
No, thanks.
I just got it.
I believe you'll
reconsider once you see
my collection of valuable
magical trinkets!
Definitely hero time.
Uah! Aah!
Hah! You!
My old nemesis.
Old? I'm 10!
Aah!
- I was prepared - to play nice,
But I'm afraid
you've forced my hand.
Whoa!
What do you want some dumb
plastic wand for anyway?
Plastic?
You mean to say you have no
idea what this is?
You'll not soon forget the day
you were introduced
to Merlin's Wand, my boy!
Merlin?
He said his name was Walter.
- Yah! - [ Grunting ]
Not in the food court.
Not the game hub.
Where else could Ben be?
Ben: Augh!
Hex, you doof!
In trouble.
Where else?
As I'm sure you could guess,
Merlin's own personal wand
would be a true prize
for any magician.
Oh, my boy,
you certainly chose
the wrong day
to pick this fight!
With this wand
in my possession,
all the world will come
to bow before me,
starting with you!
To be clear,
Lucky Girl is here!
Yeah, that could probably
use some work.
Never mind that!
Big mistake, Hex!
The real wand of Merlin
is right here!
- Gwen! - What are you doing?
I'm not Gwen.
I'm Lucky Girl.
What?!
I have observed the power of
this wand with my own eyes!
Look!
It casts magic as we speak!
Your hubris has clouded
your perception, Hex.
Behold!
The power of the true
wand of Merlin!
Tent-o destruct-o everything-o!
What?
But that wand!
It can't be!
Come on!
Aaagh!
I refuse to be made a fool
by you insolent brats!
[ Laughs ] We don't even
know what "insolent" means!
This is awesome!
You guys are amazing LARPers!
Over here!
Mark my words, children.
I don't need Merlin's wand to
dispose of the likes of you!
[ Growls ]
That's just cheesy
special effects, right?
Aah! Aah!
[ Growls ]
Wow! See you at
the costume contest!
Nice try, Hex!
But if you want to play with
fire prepare to get...
Heatblast-ed!
[ Growls ]
Whoa, big guy.
Heard of mints?
- Ugh. - Lucky Girl!
- How about some more - lucky magic?
Uh...
Collaps-a-part-tee-o!
Seriously,
how'd you do that?
Just lucky, I guess.
I don't know how,
but it is Merlin's!
Give me the wand, girl!
- Give it to me or else... - Augh!
Or else you'll get blindsided
by awesomeness?
Not awesome!
[ Growls ]
Lucky Girl!
You lure Hex out while I lay
my beatdown on Ooka Mooka!
[ Growls ]
On it!
Hey, creep!
You want your wand?
Aw, who's a big, mean ogre?
You are!
Sit!
Stay!
Play dead!
Aah!
Mint condition collectibles!
Uh, near mint collection
collectibles.
- Oh, no. - Dead end!
The wand.
Now.
Sure.
If you can find me.
Uh, many-me-boo-yah!
[ Murmuring ]
A multiplying spell?
The wand is more powerful
than I could imagine!
- And when she threw the throwing - star at the movie star...
Pure poetry!
There you are.
Hmm?
I'm Lucky Girl.
Something I can do
for you, dearie?
[ Laughs ]
Gwen: Hey, Hex!
Paper throw-oh-nado!
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps ] Uh...
Aah! Oof!
Ugh.
Not the exit I had in mind.
Enough!
Give me that wand.
I will turn you
into a toad, child.
Um, no, thank you.
[ Panting ]
Aah! Ugh! Wah!
Ben: Lucky, duck!
- [ Laughs ] - "Lucky duck."
- See what I did there? - [ Groans ]
See what I just did there?
Want to see it again?
Face it, Hex!
You're...
[ Grunts ]
Uh, as I was saying,
you're out of your depth!
- Get it? - It was another pun!
Because... Ugh!
Ben!
Aah! Whaa!
[ Grunting ]
It appears your luck
has run out!
[ Laughs ]
How was that for a pun?
Hmm.
I'd give it an F-minus
because you're evil.
I'm warning you, Hex!
Stay back or I'll...
- I'll... - Or I'll...
What? Beg for mercy?
[ Grunts ]
This isn't the real wand.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, this is delicious!
Good show, my girl.
Good show!
You were bluffing
all along!
Of course, you understand
I cannot allow
this transgression
to go unpunished.
Bluffing? Uh...
Of course not!
I just wanted you outside
so I could do this!
Zombie apocalyps-o!
Ah. Hmm.
Admirable as your commitment
to this façade has been,
I'm afraid my patience
has quite run out.
[ Zombies groaning ]
Boo!
[ Gasps ]
Just kidding.
[ Laughs ]
Dude, you should have seen
the look on your face!
Aah!
The undead.
- Walking amongst us! - Oh!
This not even
Merlin himself could...
- Hi again. - [ Gasps ]
Cool your jets!
Does that count as another pun?
I'm gonna call it a pun.
- Whoa, Gwen! - I got to ask.
How'd you conjure up
all the zombies?
- Not conjuring. - Just timely schedule management.
And a little luck!
Excellent job capturing the
Mage-lord menace, space soldier!
You have dealt
a devastating blow
to the evil forces
with this victory!
Might I get a shot
for the con book?
Anything for my fans.
Smile, Hex!
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
- To the holding cell - with him!
Don't forget to vote
on the costume contest!
- Keep fighting - the good fight, soldier!
You're doing
the space future proud.
[ Hex groans ]
[ Gasps ]
The revenant contingent!
They have us surrounded!
Get me out of here!
This cannot be how I end!
Dude, calm down.
It's just LARP.
- I hope he wins - the LARP MVP ribbon.
That'd be nice for him.
It comes with a gift card!
One thing I don't get...
If you had a fake wand
the whole time,
what happened to the real one?
Huh, I wonder if that kid
Oliver knows.
[ Growls ]
[ All gasp ]
Ahem.
Lightning bolt!
[ Cheering ]
Oh, yeah!
Best LARP ever!
I'm sure it's fine.
There you two are!
Oh, you really missed out
on the action!
Check it out!
Only set me back 100 bucks!
Kids, how lucky are we?
Way lucky.